asdfasdfasdf

This Unit

You may want to read through the Publishing Your Website page linked below.  We will publish the final project on Github Pages.  You will use your own account (mine is jrding) to make a new github.io repository, commit and push/sync your files and folders to that repository, and it will be available to the public.  

This will allow us to use Formspree to send form data to an email and Google Analytics to see the traffic for your site.

Publishing

    Log in to Github to your own account (not the class repository).  Use the instructions provided to create a username.github.io page (mine is jrding.github.io).  Notice we are NOT making a repository in the Parkland-CIS152 organization.  
    Choose user site.
    Follow step 1.
    Choose Github for Windows (or Mac).
    Follow the rest of the instructions or just open the Github for Desktop app we've been using for weeks, clone the new repository, add your files and folders into the root level of the cloned repository folder, and commit and sync/push.  You are not allowed to have a folder that holds the project.  The files must be found at root level.
    Test by typing username.github.io (with your username) into a browser.  The index.html file should display.
    You are now published.  Great job!

FormSpree IO

    Use the information at the link to send yourself the responses from the form submission. 
    Use your own email address.  Don't forget to change the value of the action attribute in the form tag.
    This will not work until the site is published.
    Submit a completed form and make sure it works.

Google Analytics

    Sign up for Google Analytics.  Use the username.github.io site.
    You will be given a Tracking ID that looks something like this: UA-88432165-1. 
    Open your project in a text editor.
    Paste that Tracking ID on every html page of your project at the bottom of the body where the Boilerplate already has this (or use the link provided in Google Analytics if you are not using a boilerplate): 

        <!-- Google Analytics: change UA-XXXXX-Y to be your site's ID. -->
        <script>
        window.ga=function(){ga.q.push(arguments)};ga.q=[];ga.l=+new Date;
        ga('create','UA-XXXXX-Y','auto');ga('send','pageview')
        </script>

    Commit and sync/push your changes to github.
    Log into your site (username.github.io) from other machines or ask others to do so, and watch your analytics show real time usage.

Due:

    You have no exercise or assignment to complete this week.  You may test the formspree.io with your previous form project the Final Project.  You may add the analytics link to the final project.  But first, you will need to publish your final project to the github.io repository
    Take your time working on your Final. 
